very time
all right
um I guess are you ready to make a
motion go ahead
[Laughter]
gonna get tired of me okay
um I am bringing let's see I am
potential executive session
consideration and approval of litigation
for
Idaho code
742061f litigation and the motion is
that
um I didn't write I'm trying to think
it's getting late again
that we are we accept the amount the
amount we accept the amount for the
separation agreement as stated as stated
for can we State the person for um
former former uh for Jacqueline Brandon
okay former superintendent I have a
motion to accept a separation agreement
from um
Jackie Branham
do I have a second my second then and
approval oh yes and approval or yes set
amount
yes an approval for set amount
okay
all those in favor say aye aye those
opposed okay the motion carries I need a
motion for adjournment I make a motion
to a journey okay second okay motion
meeting adjourned I have one question
for you the other evening
I hope you you had
Mr yours for a long time a couple years
later by how long you've been dead or
how we've known each other I have met
I I misspoke I have met Brandon Durst
one time prior to this
yeah that was back when probably
February of
2022 I believe
okay and that's that's my only contact
with them
um
yeah
so